Add use of rOpenSci forum to maintenance section (#145)
ropensci/dev_guide: maintenance_collaboration.Rmd

### Contributing guide

We have templates for issue, pull request and contributing guidelines that you can find [in this GitHub repository](https://github.com/ropenscilabs/rodev/tree/master/inst/templates) along with [a helper function to insert them into your repository](https://ropenscilabs.github.io/rodev/reference/use_ro_github.html).

You can tweak them a bit depending on your workflow and package. For example, make sure contributors have instructions in CONTRIBUTING.md for running local tests if not trivial. CONTRIBUTING.md can also contain some details about how you acknowledge contributions (see [this section](#attributions)) and the roadmap of your package (cf [this example](https://github.com/ecohealthalliance/fasterize/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)).

> We encourage you to direct feedback that is not a bug report or a feature request to [rOpenSci forum](https://discuss.ropensci.org/). Users can use the forum to ask questions about use, and report their use cases, and where you can subscribe to categories and manage your notifications. Feel free to mention this in the docs of your package and/or the contributing guidelines/issue template. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage you to direct feedback that is not a bug report or a feature request to [rOpenSci forum](https://discuss.ropensci.org/). Users can use the forum to ask questions about use, and report their use cases, and where you can subscribe to categories and manage your notifications.  Feel free to mention this in the docs of your package and/or the contributing guidelines/issue template.  Please direct your users to tag posts with the package name.
```

> We encourage you to direct feedback that is not a bug report or a feature request to [rOpenSci forum](https://discuss.ropensci.org/). Users can use the forum to ask questions about use, and report their use cases, and where you can subscribe to categories and manage your notifications.  Feel free to mention this in the docs of your package and/or the contributing guidelines/issue template.  Please direct your users to tag posts with the package name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage you to direct feedback that is not a bug report or a feature request to [rOpenSci forum](https://discuss.ropensci.org/). Users can use the forum to ask questions about use and report their use cases, and you can subscribe to individual categories and tags to receive notifications about your package.  Feel free to mention this in the docs of your package and/or the contributing guidelines/issue template.  Please direct your users to tag posts with the package name.
```
